<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="about_robis">
    <title>About Robis</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Motherson recognized the importance of being self-reliant by building ROBIS [Robotic
            Automation and Innovative Solutions] in-house in India. Embracing this vision of
            innovation, flexibility, and self sufficiency, ROBIS was established in 2009.
            Headquartered in Chennai, ROBIS serves as a center for design, technology development,
            product innovation, manufacturing, and testing. </p>
        <p>Recognizing its growing needs, ROBIS has established satellite centers in Europe for
            sales and service support. Our business segments include cloud solutions, material
            handling and warehouse automation, robots and robotic automation, assembly and testing
            solutions, joining solutions, and remanufacturing services. </p>
        <p>Our driving force is one of perseverance, dedication, and self-sufficiency, evoking a
            sense of trust and reliability with our customers. Our uncompromised standards and
            commitment have made us stronger over the years, making ROBIS a trustworthy partner
            globally. Our strengths include technical <xref
                href="../Task/Installation.dita#Installation/image_cd2_ryk_5hc">proficiency</xref>,
            a global perspective, <xref
                href="../Task/Installation.dita#Installation/fig_bd2_ryk_5hc">and</xref>
            <xref href="../Reference/specifications.dita#system_parameters/note_n4w_wdk_f3c"
                >customer-centric solutions.</xref></p>
        <p/>
        <p>refer the  <xref
                href="../Reference/specifications.dita#system_parameters/tbl_specifications"/></p>
        <p>refer to <xref href="../Reference/specifications.dita#system_parameters/open"/></p>
        <p><xref href="../Task/Installation.dita#Installation/fig_bd2_ryk_5hc"/></p>
        <p><xref href="../Task/Installation.dita"/></p>
        <p/>
        <p>Refer to this section <xref
                href="../Reference/specifications.dita#system_parameters/section_mw2_p1c_f3c"/></p>
        
        <section id="address">
            <title>Office Address</title>
            <p>Motherson Automotive Technologies and Engineering – ROBIS </p>
            <p>(A division of Motherson)</p>
            <p>Survey No.: 172/1-5, 274/2, 276/7, Chengalpattu to Sriperumbudur Road, Vadagal Village,</p>
            <p>Sriperumbudur Taluk, Kancheepuram – Dt Tamil Nadu – State</p>
            <p>INDIA – 602105</p>
            <p>www.motherson.com</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
