<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="about_robis">
    <title>About robis</title>
    <conbody>
        <p><b>motherson</b> recognized the importance of being self-reliant by building <b>robis</b>
            [Robotic Automation &amp; Innovative Solution] in-house in India. Embracing this vision
            of innovation, flexibility, and self-sufficiency, <b>robis</b> was established in 2009.
            Headquartered in Chennai, <b>robis</b> serves as a center for design, technology
            development, product innovation, manufacturing, and testing.</p>
        <p>Recognizing its growing needs, <b>robis</b> has established satellite centers in Europe
            for sales and service support. Our business segments include cloud solutions, material
            handling and warehouse automation, robots and robotic automation, assembly &amp; testing
            solutions, joining solutions, and remanufacturing services.</p>
        <p>Our driving force is one of perseverance, dedication, and self-sufficiency, evoking a
            sense of trust and reliability with our customers. Our uncompromised standards and
            commitment have made us stronger over the years, making <b>robis</b> a trustworthy
            partner globally. Our strengths include technical proficiency, a global perspective, and
            customer-centric solutions.</p>
        <p/>
        <p/>
        
        <section outputclass="bottom-section"><title>Contact Address</title><p>Motherson Automotive
                Technologies and Engineering – <b>robis</b></p><p>(A division of
                motherson)</p><p>Survey No.: 172/1-5, 274/2, 276/7,</p><p>Chengalpattu to
                Sriperumbudur Road, Vadagal Village,</p><p>Sriperumbudur Taluk, Kancheepuram – Dt
                Tamil Nadu – State</p><p>INDIA – 602105</p><xref href="http://www.motherson.com/"
                format="html" scope="external"><i>www.motherson.com</i></xref></section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
